					Python	

	Introduction:Python is a widely used general-purpose, high level programming language. It was created by Guido van Rossum in 1991 and further developed by the Python Software Foundation. It was designed with an emphasis on code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express their concepts in fewer lines of code.
    Python is a programming language that lets you work quickly and integrate systems more efficiently.

Python is an interpreted, object-oriented, high-level programming language with dynamic semantics. Its high-level built in data structures, combined with dynamic typing and dynamic binding, make it very attractive for Rapid Application Development, as well as for use as a scripting or glue language to connect existing components together. Python's simple, easy to learn syntax emphasizes readability and therefore reduces the cost of program maintenance. Python supports modules and packages, which encourages program modularity and code reuse. The Python interpreter and the extensive standard library are available in source or binary form without charge for all major platforms, and can be freely distributed.
Often, programmers fall in love with Python because of the increased productivity it provides. Since there is no compilation step, the edit-test-debug cycle is incredibly fast. Debugging Python programs is easy: a bug or bad input will never cause a segmentation fault. Instead, when the interpreter discovers an error, it raises an exception. When the program doesn't catch the exception, the interpreter prints a stack trace. A source level debugger allows inspection of local and global variables, evaluation of arbitrary expressions, setting breakpoints, stepping through the code a line at a time, and so on. The debugger is written in Python itself, testifying to Python's introspective power. On the other hand, often the quickest way to debug a program is to add a few print statements to the source: the fast edit-test-debug cycle makes this simple approach very effective.     
     	


Prerequisite:
     		The prerequisite for learning Python is basic knowledge of concepts like Variables, Loops, Control Statements etc. To know these concepts thoroughly, watch the videos given below. Python is a very simple language. So, you can easily learn Python and can easily implement the Python codes in real time.	


Topics:
		Python Data Types
		Numbers
		Math Function
		Operator Precedence
		Variables
		Strings:
			String Concatination
			Type Conversion
			Escape Sequence		
			Formatted Strings
			String Indexes
		Immutability	
		Booleans:	
			Booleans
			Type Conversion
		List:
			List	
			List Slicing
			Matrix
                        List Methods
			List Unpacking
		None
		Dictionaries:
			Dictionaries
			Dictionaries Keys
			Dictionaries Methods
		Tuples:
	 		Tuples	
			Tuples Methods	
		sets:
	 		sets	
			sets Methods
		Conditional Logics
		Logical Operators
		For Loops
		Iterables
		Range
		Enumerate
		While Loops
		Break, Continue, pass
		Functions:
			Functions
			Parameters and Arguments
			Keyword Arguments
			return
		Methods vs Function
		args and kwargs
		Global Keyword and Local Keyword
		OOp's:
			oops concept
			Objects
			Attributes and Methods
			__init__
			Class methods and Static methods				
			Encapasulation
			Abstraction
			Inheritance
			Polymorphism
			super methods
			Dunder Methods
			Multiple Inheritance
			MRO
		Functional Programming:
			Pure Function
			map()
			filter()
			zip()
			reduce()
			Lambda Expression
			List Comprehension
			set comprehension
		 	dictionary Comprehension
				
		Decorators
		Error Handling
		Generator
		Models
		File Handling
		Regular Expression

What after Python:
		Learn a Web Development Framework
		Learn Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
		Data Science and Data Visualization
		Python GUI
		Game Deveopment

